Enable ingester to querier chunks streaming and ingester query request minimisation by default (#6174)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [CHANGE] General: enabled `-log.buffered` by default. The `-log.buffered` has been deprecated and will be removed in Mimir 2.13. #6131
* [CHANGE] Ingester: changed default `-blocks-storage.tsdb.series-hash-cache-max-size-bytes` setting from `1GB` to `350MB`. The new default cache size is enough to store the hashes for all series in a ingester, assuming up to 2M in-memory series per ingester and using the default 13h retention period for local TSDB blocks in the ingesters. #6129
* [CHANGE] Query-frontend: removed `cortex_query_frontend_workers_enqueued_requests_total`. Use `cortex_query_frontend_enqueue_duration_seconds_count` instead. #6121

> * [CHANGE] Ingester / querier: enable ingester to querier chunks streaming by default and mark it as not experimental. #6174
> * [CHANGE] Ingester / querier: enable ingester query request minimisation by default and mark it as not experimental. #6174

Reviewer: [nit] I would go straight to the point ;)

```suggestion
* [CHANGE] Ingester / querier: enable ingester to querier chunks streaming by default and mark it as stable. #6174
* [CHANGE] Ingester / querier: enable ingester query request minimisation by default and mark it as stable. #6174
```
